hey guys i just went to updating and
some things i am not going to RTX
anymore we waited too long for details
and then we're actually put in for the
time off during that time so i am no
longer going for ITX and i can really
really bummed out about it but because i
have friends who love me someone has
done wreath tell therapy on my behalf
and a whole heap of bizarre stuff has
shown up and I figured I'd share that
with you guys because it's actually
really really nice stuff like a living
dead tights they are such insanely good
quality and it's nightmare before
christmas so I am super happy about this
I'm so happy about this I appreciate it
so much and i know it's probably super
obvious that my hair is kind of not what
it could be but on okay i have died I've
already lot more turquoise die for this
trip but I've actually completely
switched over to directions because the
blue I have in right now is no panic and
like the base of it all has completely
washed out where its own parts still in
but the turquoise around the basal all
the way through that strip is all
completely still attached so when try
many directions atlantic blue which is
extraordinarily similar to mount
ok Billy blue and I'm hoping for better
results and like oh please I have my
whole because the turquoise is held so
much better so hoping for good things on
that one I have physics game over double
rings in small and they fit my hand
really really well you'll know if it
they're like proper big do well and
truly physics because you know there you
go it will be imprinted on the bottom
now these are the Rings and small I've
actually got very thick fingers but
small rings of what fits me so they're
nice and big and they're solid um also
sculpt and in silver because skulls make
me really really happy I'm really laying
that way um the Rings will also come in
these you buy them separately they're
only two dollars are really cool I will
try to put in the description all these
items so you can grab for yourself I
have a rock rebel necklace
and the reason this particular necklace
is right up my alley but my friend
actually just pick down crunching things
for me and it's like hey I heard that
you weren't doing real good recently
because a bunch of stuff that's
happening we're going to be moving this
year there's like I heard that you
animal I heard those sad things happen
so there is little pair of scissors come
on
neither on this necklace and the reason
that's such a big thing for me is um I
really really love sewing exciting
something that I get as much joy I was
sewing it like you out of video game so
for me to have you know something that
kid like stuck with something that
really helps represent something that is
just something that I love is so it's
really really thoughtful and I adored I
love it so much I'm getting low on my
lip balm so from rebel refinery I got
I'm suburbia tobia mint last time this
one is the profession it's the passion
fruit one but it's a skull
either so here's my current one as you
can see it's pretty much flat and what
they first look like when you get them
that's nice thick there's a lot sir I'm
running load smells really good the
other one is meeting mental this is
passion fruit and suddenly feels really
good something that you always get from
berserk in these both Lincoln's candy
because you know it's a nocturnal
Jackson or not but you can only get
these in Queensland so and they always
include one which is really really good
and there's my business quad bit
business cards are pretty
you go they really really gorgeous
design then it's grateful is really it's
really good for the alternative
something it's really hard to find stuff
like this new schools and you know they
keep the rank so it's easier it's such a
good price and from creepsville I have
these
para clips and the wings of flexible
where is the eye is a solid right arm
resin and I should hold it you see other
one the other side right good Mary is
this one
two
I would need to get a pair of nice pair
of handcuffs with a while so they don't
have them it's like only I can't see
like there's ever been a time where I've
gotten France from desert and not been
happy with them the quality is always
really really good and the brands they
buy from a trusted and they even do like
some Aussie like brands as well so a lot
of marks just Ozzy brand sooner it's all
it's really cool to have like stuff
coming from overseas and have locally
sourced stuff as well so I really love
to suck I've been buying from them for
years this shirt is actually an old
wizard sign and this is a berserk poster
which I one from an echo domination it's
not a fool incarnation experience but it
is a good time and those are actually my
first berserk products and I also won a
voucher episode so I brought even more
stuff afterwards which is really really
nice so they'll be linked to the store
in the description they're very active
on Facebook and on top of all of the
really good boy stuff this stuff hope
not quality people if I've ever had an
issue calling on work I don't feel the
least bit anxious about who I'm going to
talk to you because they're always super
light through they listen very closely
and they're really fast to find a
solution that is everyone really happy
so really give them a call show them a
whole lot of love this video is
completely not sponsored like I just
love these guys
so much this so nice so thank you guys
for watching I will see you next time if
you go to IPX rub it in my face and let
me know what you did here we saw and
modem III we're gonna be so much pixel
packaging I feel something watching now
see you guys next time